[docs] Enforce component style rules for Tree View (#14963)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/tree-item-customization/tree-item-customization.md

{{"demo": "ItemChildrenIndentationProp.js"}}

:::success

> This feature is compatible with both the Tree Item and Tree Item 2 components

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is compatible with both the `<TreeItem />` and `<TreeItem2 />` components
```

{{"demo": "IndentationAtItemLevel.js"}}

:::success

> This feature is compatible with both the Tree Item and Tree Item 2 components and with the `itemChildrenIndentation` prop.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is compatible with both the `<TreeItem />` and `<TreeItem2 />` components and with the `itemChildrenIndentation` prop.
```
